those of you who have been supporting me
on patreon for a while will have hurt a
little bit more about my private life
and to be blunt my my sex life my love
life then the people who just know me
from YouTube and most of what I have to
say is a sort of self-mockery a
self-criticism and it's also consists of
observations on Chinese culture and how
I fit in the Chinese culture how I'm
perceived here or misperceived here and
certainly in the past I actually wrote
some stories about that too I have some
articles written about my experience
when i was living in laos and thailand
those those places how i did it didn't
fit into that society you know sort of a
bad way to start a stand-up comedy
routine a funny thing happened to me at
the airport the other day but this story
really is about a funny thing that have
to be in the air for it um you may have
heard me say that you know naturally I'm
only drawn to women who are extremely
intelligent and that's kind of a problem
for me in my life and I've joked many
times remember joking about it with
cheetah back when she did I were friends
um you know I really sincerely try to
initiate more relationships with women
who are of average or below-average
intelligence I've try not to be such a
snob i try to be open-minded um doesn't
come to me naturally as any of you will
have noticed in all my videos you know i
do not suffer the company of fools
gladly and intellectually I have very
very high standards dealing with people
but you know I'm trying to mellow in my
old age I really am and you know part of
that keeping it all the way real part of
that is letting other people show you
what talents they have part of that is
letting people show you in what ways
what unexpected ways they might be
intelligent they might be intelligent
ways you can't quite anticipate they
might be intelligent ways that don't
seem obvious when you first meet them or
even when you first read their essays or
something if it's someone you meet that
kind of context so again whether it's
friendship or romance I have been trying
to give people a chance but you know I'm
a snob I care a lot about a person
having taste I talked about this
recently in Chinese as my chinese
teacher because it's very interesting
culturally and psychologically and even
ethically what do we mean by having
taste and why is it so important to me
that a person has good taste or at least
they don't have bad taste at least that
they're not tasteless and I think you
all know if English your first language
you know what i mean by taste and yet
it's very hard to pin down if you really
want to reflect on with precision what
does it mean for person have good taste
it's some kind of refined some
characteristic it's how you choose to
live your life in my new ways every day
and yet I feel it reflects something
about you that's not trivial maybe I'm
wrong I don't think I'm wrong so is that
the airport and when I was waiting to
get on the plane there was one woman in
particular who was strikingly good
looking she was an extremely attractive
woman I'm not going to describe her
because I don't want this video to
become gross but while I was waiting to
get on the plane I noticed her and to be
blunt how could you not notice her this
was an extremely attractive woman you do
not have to be a heterosexual male to
notice her but the vast majority of
heterosexual males could not ignore but
if you wanna see well was waiting to get
out of the plane I just noticed certain
that i didn't pay any attention to her i
had other things in my mind there were
actually a bunch of gift shops in that
part of the airport i was looking around
thinking would i buy this for my
daughter I'm divorce stepdaughter you
know me you just not in that kind of
mind frame well that's what's on your
mind and um yeah I simply out of things
my mind so again the airplane and this
ride is maybe a 40-minute plane ride you
know the time you're in the air is not
that much but I notice just one row in
front of me and diagonally across so the
chair ahead of me and to the side this
good-looking woman who is making a big
effort to make eye contact with me
and you have to realize the the
positions involved here it's no accident
like if you're at the gym anybody can
make eye contact with anybody because
you know you can face in any direction
while you're lifting weights you can
face in a direction while you're on a
treadmill okay treadmill there are
limits but you know I mean just kind of
pivot you can kind of crane your neck
but this woman because she's in front of
me in the airplane you know she should
be facing straight ahead but she's not
she's making the effort to do a 180 in
her chair to twist all the way around
and look back at me to try to make eye
contact with me try to show me that
she's interested oh I noticed that again
I don't really care it's not real video
and I didn't recognize that this
good-looking woman making eye contact
with me in the seat ahead of me because
I'm seeing her through the gap between
the seats I didn't right now the same
woman that it's seen before when she
stood up I recognized was stable when I
seen before um so we she stood up and
we're going to get out of the airplane
oh wow it's you let's say to be blunt
this is an extremely attractive
extremely impressive woman and I know
she's interested in me and I've now got
to stand up and get my luggage and get
out of the airplane and that took a lot
longer it was a situation with the
airplane you know the front of whatever
reason the doors remain locked for quite
a long time so I actually had more than
10 minutes where I'm standing there with
her and of course I'm expected to make
small talk or high where you're from or
whatever speaking Chinese speaking
English
but she's taking down her luggage she's
got maybe three different bags like
backpack carry on you know a small bug
ship stuff and she has the most
tasteless tacky asinine decorations on
this luggage like Hello Kitty is more
tasteful you know like like cute crap
and this woman I'm guessing she's over
25 she could be just 25 but she could be
27 I don't know which also courses more
address here I'd rather meet someone
close money and I can't do it like I
can't even like you know and there's I
cannot do it like I see that and then I
take a second glance at her clothes and
she's got the same kind of like cutesy
like smiling kitten garbage like it
looks like she paid someone to add it to
her dress like the dress didn't have
that but like you know and you know I
mean what what is tasteless and was it
connecting to me for me right away it
made me think that she was born rich
that she'd never had a real job or
didn't have a real job now it's like it
was so tasteless it was in such poor
taste that like I couldn't imagine her
going into any workplace with without
her boss or someone telling her look you
know we need you to dress a little more
uniform at okay maybe she has a
workplace where when she goes to work
she changes her clothes totally and you
know maybe she's a nurse she put
something different maybe it's not a
problem but right away I think this is
someone I can never respect
intellectually this is someone who
doesn't read books that's probably the
majority of the population doesn't read
books but hey I think you know like and
just like suddenly she's not attractive
to me even though she's really gorgeous
and my point is not that she's a bad
person I don't know like she could be a
wonderful person in so many ways I can't
anticipate and I don't know about I
doubt it maybe if I talk to her it turns
out she also tried to do humanitarian
work in Cambodia maybe she's also
fascinated by the politics of the you
know ongoing northern Burmese the rebel
armies or something like you don't know
I'm never gonna know my point is not
that she's a bad person or that it would
have been a bad conversation my point is
that I'm a snob and it's not shallow you
know what I mean like I can't say that
I'm a snob for shallow reasons like I'm
a snob precisely because I look at that
and of course also Shoshone everything
she I was made at a leather I'm vegan
everything joan was made of leather so
he's already a barrier there but I look
at that and you know like this old
saying from Socrates the unexamined life
is not worth living I really feel like
this is someone who lives in an examined
life and this is someone who can never
be a part of the same you know life I
live morally and ethically and
politically and that's how I feel about
it and like I said a couple of minutes
ago when I meet people I try to let them
show me what virtues they've got maybe
they're smart and ways I can anticipate
maybe they have fascinating life
experience I can't guess at maybe
there's all kinds of wonderful things
about them but in that moment and I know
she's interested me I mean she showed
she was it was not fleeting she really
let me know she was interested me I
can't do it and like it wasn't a
momentary says because then I stand
there for more than 10 minutes in
absolute silence with my like backpack
on or whatever I know
true story